README.md, before:

# osb-backup-agent #

This project holds a small go web agent for backup and restore actions for bosh, but does not contain any logic for specific services or applications. The agent simply allows to trigger scripts in a predefined directory and uploads or downloads from a cloud storage.

Supported cloud storages: **S3**, **SWIFT**

## Installation ##
Download this repository and then get its dependencies via ```glide update```.


## Configuration ##
The agent uses environment variables to configurate its parameters.

| Variable | Example | Description |
|----|----|----|
| client_username | admin | The username for authorization of http requests |
| client_password | admin | The password for authorization of http requests |
| client_port | 8000 | The port the client will use for the http interface. Defaults to 8000 |
| directory_backup | /tmp/backups | The directory in which the agent looks for files to upload to the cloud storage. For every job, a directory with the id of the job as its name will be created. |
| directory_restore | /tmp/restores | The directory in which the agent will put the downloaded restore files from the cloud storage. |
| scrips_path | /tmp/scrips | The directory in which the agent will look for the backup scrips. Defaults to `/var/vcap/jobs/backup-agent/backup`  |
| allowed_to_delete_files | true | Flag for permission to delete already existing files. Defaults to `false`. | 
| max_job_number | 10 | Maximum number of running jobs at a time. Defaults to 10. |


## Endpoints ##
The agent supports http endpoints for status, backup and restore. These endpoints are secured by BasicAuth.

|Endpoint|Method|Body|Description|
|----|----|----|----|
|/status|GET| - |Simple check whether the agent is running. |
|/backup|POST| See Backup below |Trigger the backup procedure for the service.|
|/backup/{id}|GET| - |Returns the status of the requested backup job.|
|/backup|DELETE| See Job deletion body below |Removes a result of a backup job.|
|/restore|PUT| See Restore below |Trigger the restore procedure for the service.|
|/restore/{id}|GET| - |Returns the status of the requested restore job.|
|/restore|DELETE| See Job deletion body below |Removes a result of a restore job.|

### Backup ###

The backup functionality consists of three calls: Triggering a backup, requesting its status and removing the job from the agent.

#### Trigger Backup ####
This call triggers an asynchronous backup procedure. 

Endpoint: POST /backup

##### Status Codes and their meaning ####
The backup agent intentionally returns the following status codes. Codes that differ are likely to be unexpected and not intended to be returned.

| Code | Body | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 201 | - | A backup was triggered and is getting run asynchronously. |
| 400| See Polling Body| The information in the body are not sufficient. |
| 401| See Simple Response Body | The provided credentials are not correct. |
| 409 | See Polling Body| There already exists a job with the given id.|
| 429 | See Error Message Response Body| Not allowed to spawn a new job, because it would break the maximum job limit.|

#### Polling Backup Status ####
This call request the status of the dedicated job identified by the given id.

Endpoint: GET /backup/{id}

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
The backup agent intentionally returns the following status codes. Codes that differ are likely to be unexpected and not intended to be returned.

| Code | Body | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | See Polling Body | A matching job was found and its status is returned. |
| 400| - | No valid id was provided. |
| 401| See Simple response body| The provided credentials are not correct. |
| 404 | - | There exists no job for the given id.|


#### Backup Job Deletion ####
This call requests the deletion of a result of a backup job. This should be done to either use the id again or free the space for the agent.

Endpoint: DELETE /backup

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
The backup agent intentionally returns the following status codes. Codes that differ are likely to be unexpected and not intended to be returned.

| Code | Body | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | - | A matching job was found and deleted. |
| 400| - | The information in the body are not sufficient. |
| 401| See Simple response body| The provided credentials are not correct. |
| 410 | - | No matching job was found.|






### Restore ###
The restore functionality consists of three calls: Triggering a backup, requesting its status and removing the job from the agent.

#### Trigger Restore ####
This call triggers an asynchronous restore procedure. 

Endpoint: PUT /restore


##### Response Codes and their meaning #####
See Trigger Backup Status Codes and their meaning


#### Polling Restore Status ####
This call request the status of the dedicated job identified by the given id.

Endpoint: GET /restore/{id}

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
See Backup Polling Status Codes and their meaning


#### Restore Job Deletion ####
This call requests the deletion of a result of a restore job. This should be done to either use the id again or free the space for the agent.

Endpoint: DELETE /restore

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
See Backup Job Deletion Status Codes and their meaning


## Request Bodies ##

### Trigger Backup Body ###
Fields that are not dedicated to the chosen type will be ignored.
Please note that objects in the parameters object can not have nested objects, arrays, lists, maps and so on inside. Only use simple types here as these values will be set as environment variables for the scripts to work with. Furthermore will the compression field default to false, if no explicit value is present.

#### S3
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "S3",

        "bucket": "bucketName",
        "region": "regionName",
        "authKey": "key",
        "authSecret": "secret",
    },
    "backup" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```
#### Openstack Swift
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "SWIFT",

        "authUrl" : "auth url",
        "domain" : "domain name",
        "container_name" : "name of the container",
        "project_name" : "name of the project == tenant",
        "username" : "swift username",
        "password" : "swift API key"
    },
    "backup" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```



### Trigger Restore Body ###
Please note that objects in the parameters object can not have nested objects, arrays, lists, maps and so on inside. Only use simple types here as these values will be set as environment variables for the shell scripts to work with. Furthermore will the compression field default to false, if no explicit value is present.

#### S3
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "S3",
        "filename": "filename",

        "bucket": "bucketName",
        "region": "regionName",
        "authKey": "key",
        "authSecret": "secret",
    },
    "restore" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```
#### Openstack Swift
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "SWIFT",
        "filename": "filename",
        
        "authUrl" : "auth url",
        "domain" : "domain name ",
        "container_name" : "name of the container",
        "project_name" : "name of the project == tenant",
        "username" : "swift username",
        "password" : "swift API key"
    },
    "restore" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```

### Job Deletion Body ###

```json
{
	"id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1"
}
```

## Response Bodies ##


### Simple Response Body ###
```json
{
    "message" : "simple response message"
}
```

### Error Message Response Body ###
```json
{
    "message": "descriptive message",
    "state": "state during error occurrence",
    "error_message": "message describing the occurred error"
}
```

### Backup Polling Body ###
Please be aware of the fact that the ``error_message`` field will not show up in the json, if it is empty. Same goes for fields that are dedicated to a specific backup destination type, which will be ignored if empty.

```json
{
    "status": "SUCCEEDED / FAILED / RUNNING",
    "message": "backup successfully carried out",
    "state": "finished / name of the current phase",
    "error_message": "contains message dedicated to the occuring error, will not show up if empty",

    "region": "S3 region",
    "bucket": "S3 bucket",

    "authUrl": "auth url for swift",
    "domain": "domain name for swift",
    "container_name": "name of the container for swift",
    "project_name": "name of the project for swift",

    "filename": "host_YYYY_MM_DD_database.tar.gz",
    "filesize": {
        "size": 42,
        "unit": "byte"
    },
    "start_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "end_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "execution_time_ms": 42000,
    "pre_backup_lock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "pre_backup_lock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "pre_backup_check_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "pre_backup_check_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "backup_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "backup_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "backup_cleanup_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "backup_cleanup_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "post_backup_unlock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "post_backup_unlock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script"
}
```

### Restore Polling Body ###
Please be aware of the fact that the ``error_message`` field will not show up in the json, if it is empty. 

```json
{
    "status": "SUCCEEDED / FAILED / RUNNING",
    "message": "restore successfully carried out",
    "state": "finished / name of the current phase",
    "error_message": "contains message dedicated to the occuring error, will not show up if empty",
    "start_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "end_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "execution_time_ms": 42000,
    "pre_restore_lock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "pre_restore_lock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "restore_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "restore_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "restore_cleanup_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "restore_cleanup_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "post_restore_unlock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "post_restore_unlock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script"
}
```

## Functionality ##
The agent calls a predefined set of shell scripts in order to trigger the backup or restore procedure. Generally speaking there are three stages: Pre, Action, Post. 
These files have to be located or will be placed in the respective directories set by the environment variables.

#### Backup ####
The agent runs following shell scripts from top to bottom:
- `pre-backup-lock`
- `pre-backup-check`
- `backup`
- `backup-cleanup`
- `post-backup-unlock`

In the backup stage, the agent generates a name (consists of `YYYY_MM_DD_HH_MM_<host>_<dbname>`) for the backup file and forwards its path (`backup_directory/job_id/generated_file_name`) to the back script. After the script generated the file to upload, the agent uploads the first encountered file in the dedicated directory (`backup_directory/<job_id>`) to the cloud storage using the given information and credentials.

##### Script Parameters #####
- `pre-backup-lock databasename`
- `pre-backup-check databasename`
- `backup host username password databasename file_name_without_type job_id compression_flag encryption_key`
- `backup-cleanup databasename job_id`
- `post-backup-unlock databasename`

The job_id parameter is equal to to the id given by the request, which triggered the backup or restore.
Be aware that encryption key can be empty and uppon adding more parameters after the encryption_key, the order could not match anymore. In future there might be need for named parameters.


#### Restore ####
The agent runs following shell scripts from top to bottom:
- `pre-restore-lock`
- `restore`
- `restore-cleanup`
- `post-restore-unlock`

In the restore stage, the agent downloads a file with the given file name (out of the request body) from the used cloud storage to the dedicated directory (`restore_directory/<job_id>/`).

##### Script Parameters #####
- `pre-restore-lock job_id`
- `restore host username password databasename filename job_id compression_flag encryption_key`
- `restore-cleanup job_id`
- `post-restore-unlock`

In the restore stage, before the dedicated script starts the actual restore, the agent downloads the backed up restore file from the cloud storage, using the given information and credentials, and puts it in the dedicated directory.

Be aware that encryption key can be empty and uppon adding more parameters after the encryption_key, the order could not match anymore. In future there might be need for named parameters.

## Version ##
See git tags.

Commit message:

docs: DELETE endpoints description update
Extend description of DELETE endpoints to inform the reader, that no backup or restore files will be deleted locally nor in the cloud storage.

README.md, after:

# osb-backup-agent #

This project holds a small go web agent for backup and restore actions for bosh, but does not contain any logic for specific services or applications. The agent simply allows to trigger scripts in a predefined directory and uploads or downloads from a cloud storage.

Supported cloud storages: **S3**, **SWIFT**

## Installation ##
Download this repository and then get its dependencies via ```glide update```.


## Configuration ##
The agent uses environment variables to configurate its parameters.

| Variable | Example | Description |
|----|----|----|
| client_username | admin | The username for authorization of http requests |
| client_password | admin | The password for authorization of http requests |
| client_port | 8000 | The port the client will use for the http interface. Defaults to 8000 |
| directory_backup | /tmp/backups | The directory in which the agent looks for files to upload to the cloud storage. For every job, a directory with the id of the job as its name will be created. |
| directory_restore | /tmp/restores | The directory in which the agent will put the downloaded restore files from the cloud storage. |
| scrips_path | /tmp/scrips | The directory in which the agent will look for the backup scrips. Defaults to `/var/vcap/jobs/backup-agent/backup`  |
| allowed_to_delete_files | true | Flag for permission to delete already existing files. Defaults to `false`. | 
| max_job_number | 10 | Maximum number of running jobs at a time. Defaults to 10. |


## Endpoints ##
The agent supports http endpoints for status, backup and restore. These endpoints are secured by BasicAuth.

|Endpoint|Method|Body|Description|
|----|----|----|----|
|/status|GET| - |Simple check whether the agent is running. |
|/backup|POST| See Backup below |Trigger the backup procedure for the service.|
|/backup/{id}|GET| - |Returns the status of the requested backup job.|
|/backup|DELETE| See Job deletion body below |Removes a result of a backup job.|
|/restore|PUT| See Restore below |Trigger the restore procedure for the service.|
|/restore/{id}|GET| - |Returns the status of the requested restore job.|
|/restore|DELETE| See Job deletion body below |Removes a result of a restore job.|

### Backup ###

The backup functionality consists of three calls: Triggering a backup, requesting its status and removing the job from the agent.

#### Trigger Backup ####
This call triggers an asynchronous backup procedure. 

Endpoint: POST /backup

##### Status Codes and their meaning ####
The backup agent intentionally returns the following status codes. Codes that differ are likely to be unexpected and not intended to be returned.

| Code | Body | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 201 | - | A backup was triggered and is getting run asynchronously. |
| 400| See Polling Body| The information in the body are not sufficient. |
| 401| See Simple Response Body | The provided credentials are not correct. |
| 409 | See Polling Body| There already exists a job with the given id.|
| 429 | See Error Message Response Body| Not allowed to spawn a new job, because it would break the maximum job limit.|

#### Polling Backup Status ####
This call request the status of the dedicated job identified by the given id.

Endpoint: GET /backup/{id}

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
The backup agent intentionally returns the following status codes. Codes that differ are likely to be unexpected and not intended to be returned.

| Code | Body | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | See Polling Body | A matching job was found and its status is returned. |
| 400| - | No valid id was provided. |
| 401| See Simple response body| The provided credentials are not correct. |
| 404 | - | There exists no job for the given id.|


#### Backup Job Deletion ####
This call requests the deletion of a result of a backup job. This should be done to either use the id again or free the space for the agent. This does NEITHER delete the generated backup file locally NOR in the cloud storage.

Endpoint: DELETE /backup

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
The backup agent intentionally returns the following status codes. Codes that differ are likely to be unexpected and not intended to be returned.

| Code | Body | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | - | A matching job was found and deleted. |
| 400| - | The information in the body are not sufficient. |
| 401| See Simple response body| The provided credentials are not correct. |
| 410 | - | No matching job was found.|






### Restore ###
The restore functionality consists of three calls: Triggering a backup, requesting its status and removing the job from the agent.

#### Trigger Restore ####
This call triggers an asynchronous restore procedure. 

Endpoint: PUT /restore


##### Response Codes and their meaning #####
See Trigger Backup Status Codes and their meaning


#### Polling Restore Status ####
This call request the status of the dedicated job identified by the given id.

Endpoint: GET /restore/{id}

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
See Backup Polling Status Codes and their meaning


#### Restore Job Deletion ####
This call requests the deletion of a result of a restore job. This should be done to either use the id again or free the space for the agent. This does NEITHER delete the downloaded restore file locally NOR in the cloud storage.

Endpoint: DELETE /restore

##### Status Codes and their meaning #####
See Backup Job Deletion Status Codes and their meaning


## Request Bodies ##

### Trigger Backup Body ###
Fields that are not dedicated to the chosen type will be ignored.
Please note that objects in the parameters object can not have nested objects, arrays, lists, maps and so on inside. Only use simple types here as these values will be set as environment variables for the scripts to work with. Furthermore will the compression field default to false, if no explicit value is present.

#### S3
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "S3",

        "bucket": "bucketName",
        "region": "regionName",
        "authKey": "key",
        "authSecret": "secret",
    },
    "backup" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```
#### Openstack Swift
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "SWIFT",

        "authUrl" : "auth url",
        "domain" : "domain name",
        "container_name" : "name of the container",
        "project_name" : "name of the project == tenant",
        "username" : "swift username",
        "password" : "swift API key"
    },
    "backup" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```



### Trigger Restore Body ###
Please note that objects in the parameters object can not have nested objects, arrays, lists, maps and so on inside. Only use simple types here as these values will be set as environment variables for the shell scripts to work with. Furthermore will the compression field default to false, if no explicit value is present.

#### S3
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "S3",
        "filename": "filename",

        "bucket": "bucketName",
        "region": "regionName",
        "authKey": "key",
        "authSecret": "secret",
    },
    "restore" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```
#### Openstack Swift
```json
{
    "id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1",
    "compression" : true,
    "encryption_key" : "example-encryption-key",
    "destination" : {
        "type": "SWIFT",
        "filename": "filename",
        
        "authUrl" : "auth url",
        "domain" : "domain name ",
        "container_name" : "name of the container",
        "project_name" : "name of the project == tenant",
        "username" : "swift username",
        "password" : "swift API key"
    },
    "restore" : {
        "host": "host",
        "user": "user",
        "password": "password",
        "database": "database name",
        "parameters": [
            { "key": "arbitraryValue" },
            { "retries": 2}
        ]
    }
}
```

### Job Deletion Body ###

```json
{
	"id" : "778f038c-e1c5-11e8-9f32-f2801f1b9fd1"
}
```

## Response Bodies ##


### Simple Response Body ###
```json
{
    "message" : "simple response message"
}
```

### Error Message Response Body ###
```json
{
    "message": "descriptive message",
    "state": "state during error occurrence",
    "error_message": "message describing the occurred error"
}
```

### Backup Polling Body ###
Please be aware of the fact that the ``error_message`` field will not show up in the json, if it is empty. Same goes for fields that are dedicated to a specific backup destination type, which will be ignored if empty.

```json
{
    "status": "SUCCEEDED / FAILED / RUNNING",
    "message": "backup successfully carried out",
    "state": "finished / name of the current phase",
    "error_message": "contains message dedicated to the occuring error, will not show up if empty",

    "region": "S3 region",
    "bucket": "S3 bucket",

    "authUrl": "auth url for swift",
    "domain": "domain name for swift",
    "container_name": "name of the container for swift",
    "project_name": "name of the project for swift",

    "filename": "host_YYYY_MM_DD_database.tar.gz",
    "filesize": {
        "size": 42,
        "unit": "byte"
    },
    "start_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "end_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "execution_time_ms": 42000,
    "pre_backup_lock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "pre_backup_lock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "pre_backup_check_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "pre_backup_check_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "backup_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "backup_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "backup_cleanup_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "backup_cleanup_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "post_backup_unlock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "post_backup_unlock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script"
}
```

### Restore Polling Body ###
Please be aware of the fact that the ``error_message`` field will not show up in the json, if it is empty. 

```json
{
    "status": "SUCCEEDED / FAILED / RUNNING",
    "message": "restore successfully carried out",
    "state": "finished / name of the current phase",
    "error_message": "contains message dedicated to the occuring error, will not show up if empty",
    "start_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "end_time": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS+00:00",
    "execution_time_ms": 42000,
    "pre_restore_lock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "pre_restore_lock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "restore_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "restore_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "restore_cleanup_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "restore_cleanup_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script",
    "post_restore_unlock_log": "stdout of the dedicated script",
    "post_restore_unlock_errorlog": "stderr of the dedicated script"
}
```

## Functionality ##
The agent calls a predefined set of shell scripts in order to trigger the backup or restore procedure. Generally speaking there are three stages: Pre, Action, Post. 
These files have to be located or will be placed in the respective directories set by the environment variables.

#### Backup ####
The agent runs following shell scripts from top to bottom:
- `pre-backup-lock`
- `pre-backup-check`
- `backup`
- `backup-cleanup`
- `post-backup-unlock`

In the backup stage, the agent generates a name (consists of `YYYY_MM_DD_HH_MM_<host>_<dbname>`) for the backup file and forwards its path (`backup_directory/job_id/generated_file_name`) to the back script. After the script generated the file to upload, the agent uploads the first encountered file in the dedicated directory (`backup_directory/<job_id>`) to the cloud storage using the given information and credentials.

##### Script Parameters #####
- `pre-backup-lock databasename`
- `pre-backup-check databasename`
- `backup host username password databasename file_name_without_type job_id compression_flag encryption_key`
- `backup-cleanup databasename job_id`
- `post-backup-unlock databasename`

The job_id parameter is equal to to the id given by the request, which triggered the backup or restore.
Be aware that encryption key can be empty and uppon adding more parameters after the encryption_key, the order could not match anymore. In future there might be need for named parameters.


#### Restore ####
The agent runs following shell scripts from top to bottom:
- `pre-restore-lock`
- `restore`
- `restore-cleanup`
- `post-restore-unlock`

In the restore stage, the agent downloads a file with the given file name (out of the request body) from the used cloud storage to the dedicated directory (`restore_directory/<job_id>/`).

##### Script Parameters #####
- `pre-restore-lock job_id`
- `restore host username password databasename filename job_id compression_flag encryption_key`
- `restore-cleanup job_id`
- `post-restore-unlock`

In the restore stage, before the dedicated script starts the actual restore, the agent downloads the backed up restore file from the cloud storage, using the given information and credentials, and puts it in the dedicated directory.

Be aware that encryption key can be empty and uppon adding more parameters after the encryption_key, the order could not match anymore. In future there might be need for named parameters.

## Version ##
See git tags.
